README.md, before:

```

/======================================================================================================\
||                                                                                                    ||
||                                                                                                    ||
||   █████                         █████       █████████                   ███   █████    █████       ||
||  ░░███                         ░░███       ███░░░░░███                 ░░░   ░░███    ░░███        ||
||   ░███         ██████   ██████  ░███ █████░███    ░░░  █████████████   ████  ███████   ░███████    ||
||   ░███        ███░░███ ███░░███ ░███░░███ ░░█████████ ░░███░░███░░███ ░░███ ░░░███░    ░███░░███   ||
||   ░███       ░███ ░███░███ ░░░  ░██████░   ░░░░░░░░███ ░███ ░███ ░███  ░███   ░███     ░███ ░███   ||
||   ░███      █░███ ░███░███  ███ ░███░░███  ███    ░███ ░███ ░███ ░███  ░███   ░███ ███ ░███ ░███   ||
||   ███████████░░██████ ░░██████  ████ █████░░█████████  █████░███ █████ █████  ░░█████  ████ █████  ||
||  ░░░░░░░░░░░  ░░░░░░   ░░░░░░  ░░░░ ░░░░░  ░░░░░░░░░  ░░░░░ ░░░ ░░░░░ ░░░░░    ░░░░░  ░░░░ ░░░░░   ||
||                                                                                                    ||
||                                                                                                    ||
\======================================================================================================/

```

Password generator + manager built in Python with Tkinter

So far it can only generate passwords and copy to clipboard

Commit message:

Enhance README with application details and usage
Added an 'ABOUT' section and expanded on password management features.

README.md, after:

```

/======================================================================================================\
||                                                                                                    ||
||                                                                                                    ||
||   █████                         █████       █████████                   ███   █████    █████       ||
||  ░░███                         ░░███       ███░░░░░███                 ░░░   ░░███    ░░███        ||
||   ░███         ██████   ██████  ░███ █████░███    ░░░  █████████████   ████  ███████   ░███████    ||
||   ░███        ███░░███ ███░░███ ░███░░███ ░░█████████ ░░███░░███░░███ ░░███ ░░░███░    ░███░░███   ||
||   ░███       ░███ ░███░███ ░░░  ░██████░   ░░░░░░░░███ ░███ ░███ ░███  ░███   ░███     ░███ ░███   ||
||   ░███      █░███ ░███░███  ███ ░███░░███  ███    ░███ ░███ ░███ ░███  ░███   ░███ ███ ░███ ░███   ||
||   ███████████░░██████ ░░██████  ████ █████░░█████████  █████░███ █████ █████  ░░█████  ████ █████  ||
||  ░░░░░░░░░░░  ░░░░░░   ░░░░░░  ░░░░ ░░░░░  ░░░░░░░░░  ░░░░░ ░░░ ░░░░░ ░░░░░    ░░░░░  ░░░░ ░░░░░   ||
||                                                                                                    ||
||                                                                                                    ||
\======================================================================================================/

```
ABOUT
LockSmith is a lightweight, offline and easy to use tool that lets
you generate and store passwords for all of your accounts.

SAVE PASSWORD
To save a password, you must enter the name of an application and 
the password you want to use for it. If you input the name of an 
application that already has a password stored, you will be asked 
if you wish to overwrite it. If you don't have a password, you can
generate a new one with the Generate Password button.

RETRIEVE PASSWORD
To retrieve a password, you must input the name of the application
for the password you wish to see. A message will then pop up 
showing you your password.

DELETE PASSWORD
To delete a password, you must input the application name and the
password you wish to delete. You will then be asked to confirm if 
you wish to delete the password.

PASSWORD GENERATOR 
A new window will appear for the LockSmith Password Generator. You
will be able to click Generate password to generate a new
password which consists of three words, a number and a symbol and 
then click copy to clipboard to copy it. You can then click back 
to go to the previous menu, and paste your new password into the 
text box. You are able to generate as many passwords as you like.
Clipboard will be cleared upon exiting the program.
